All girls who just rejected their mother's major
I just had an affair with Nen Mo yesterday
I just got divorced.
Oh, that's still your love affair.
Then which of you will pick up the plane with me?
I still have something to do in my hospital, and no one touches my phone.
I'm going to practice the piano later
I'm afraid I'll be late for the pick-up.
Poor dinner
Hurry up hurry up
Then you come with me to pick up the plane
I have something to do
What can you do as a social idler?
I'm going, it's up to you
Sister, don't you think he likes you?
What should I wear for a date alone?
He asked me out so openly
If mom knew you would support me
What am I supposed to wear?
Why don't you have a single dress for a date?
I want to buy clothes.